#May 6, 11am
#Story Project Day 1

Today I focused on mindmapping my story and writing out the stories for each option. I planned that the user would input a value
and based on what they pick this would lead to one of the generated messages. I completed writing out the story but I still
struggle with the general concept and flow of the story. I've made up my mind that the stories would all generally revolve
around the same few options, stories, and ideas, however figuring out which exact message leads to which option is still quite
troubling and confusing. Most of my work is on a word document and it is just some general notes and ideas that I have for myself.
Apologies if some bits of it may seem confusing, my current ideas are as follows:

Concept
Pick any positive value (not 0)

Even Story
You wake up in the morning at 10am on a Saturday and the sun outside is gleaming. What is the first thing you will do this morning? For going to breakfast input ‘1’, for going on your phone input ‘2’

Odd story
You wake up in the morning at 10am on a Saturday and the rain is pouring. What is the first thing you will do this morning ‘Go back to bed’ or ‘Go on your phone’ 

Go on your phone route
You turn on your phone and start scrolling through your notifications, will you ‘play a phone game’, ‘check the news’, or ‘turn on some music’

Play a phone game
You open your newly downloaded flappy bird game and begin to try beating your high score of 32 tunnels passed. You are a determined person and you refuse to give up. After 3 hours have passed, the highest score that you’ve reached is 7. You begin to become frustrated and your eyes begin hurting. But that won’t stop you, nothing and no one stops you. Insistent on beating your high score, days begin to pass and yet you’ve made no progress. Eventually from dehydration and hunger, you have died.

Check the news
You open up the news and the top article is that Elon Musk is now sending cows from earth to the little town he created on Mars named Musktown. What will you do now? 1 for play a phone game or 2 for go get breakfast.

Turn on some music
You connect your phone to the wireless speakers and you put your playlist on shuffle. Some soothing Frank Sinatra comes on, what a classic! What will you do now? 1 for check the news, or 2 for go get breakfast.

Go back to bed option
You lay back in your pillow and slowly doze off into deep slumber. You dream about cows getting flown to Mars in a rocket. What a sight! You wake up again at 1pm and it’s currently overcast outside.

Go for a jog
You put on your sports gear and lace up your brand new running shoes. You put in your earphones and go for a jog outside. As you are crossing the street, you’ve already fully embraced yourself in your loud rock music and you become oblivious to your surroundings. As you slowly jog psat the civilian crossing, a car to your left is racing by, though you don’t see or hear it. The car driver was at the time incapacitated and he crashes into you, leading to your death.

Go for breakfast
You’ve decided to go to breakfast. You were craving a smoothie, what fruit will you use in your smoothie? ‘Banana’ or ‘Apple

‘Banana’
 you take out a few bananas and begin unpeeling them. After you take all 3 bananas out of their skin, you aim for the trashcan and throw the peels. After adding the needed ingredients in the smoothie, you realize that you forgot to add sugar and you head over to the pantry to retrieve it. Unknowingly, you actually missed your banana peels and you slip and fall to your death.

‘Apple’
You blend up a lovely apple smoothie and you drink it the whole thing! You are now full and content. What will you do now? ‘Go for a jog’ or ‘go on your phone’

Fix wording
Fix flow of ideas maybe


